c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\CallCenter.dll.config
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\CallCenter.dll
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\CallCenter.pdb
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Forms.dll
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Forms.xml
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\obj\Debug\CallCenter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\obj\Debug\CallCenter.dll
c:\users\darren\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CallCenter\CallCenter\obj\Debug\CallCenter.pdb
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\CallCenter.dll.config
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\CallCenter.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\CallCenter.pdb
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Forms.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Forms.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\obj\Debug\CallCenter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\obj\Debug\CallCenter.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CallCenter\CallCenter\obj\Debug\CallCenter.pdb
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\CallCenter.dll.config
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\CallCenter.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\CallCenter.pdb
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Forms.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Forms.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\obj\Debug\CallCenter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\obj\Debug\CallCenter.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\Project_1\CallCenter\CallCenter\obj\Debug\CallCenter.pdb
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\CallCenter.dll.config
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\CallCenter.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\CallCenter.pdb
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Forms.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Forms.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\obj\Debug\CallCenter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\obj\Debug\CallCenter.dll
C:\Users\Darren\Documents\2016\ASP.NET\CCIS2645_Project\CallCenter\CallCenter\obj\Debug\CallCenter.pdb
